TCD-2900: Backtrace - PLCrashReporter (#2151)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/platform-integrations/plcrash-reporter.md

sidebar_label: PLCrashReporter
description: Integrate and send PLCrashReporter to Backtrace.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

While Backtrace fully supports the base PLCrashReporter library, we also provide a custom-built backtrace-cococa library to simplify the integration and submission of errors to Backtrace. Read more in the [iOS Integration Guide](https://support.backtrace.io/hc/en-us/articles/360040104692).

PLCrashReporter is an open source project maintained by Microsoft (previously, Plausible Labs). It is MIT licensed with some libraries such as Protocol Buffers covered under the Apache License. It can be integrated into Objective-C and Swift applications to retrieve crash information on MacOS and iOS platforms. The source code is available on the [GitHub](https://github.com/plausiblelabs/plcrashreporter) mirror.

After integrating PLCrashReporter into your application, it can generate crash reports. These crash reports can be uploaded to Backtrace, which provides a central location for developers to triage, prioritize and debug crashes in production and development environments.

> This article will discuss how to integrate and send PLCrashReports to Backtrace.

Author: ```suggestion
This article discusses how to integrate and send PLCrashReports to Backtrace.
```
